[tense music playing]
I've lost the will.
Performing at my level,
there's absolutely no room for error.
It's just a lot of pressure.
-Mm-hm.
-You know? Too much.
We've talked about the adverse ways
that pressure has manifested in your life.
But we've also discovered helpful ways.
Remember, behind every shadow,
there is a light.
Your next performance is this afternoon?
Oh, my God.
-I don't think I can--
-Oh. Randall, look at me.
Randall.
The time has come for you
to tell yourself a different story.
Embrace the shadow
and you will find the light.
Now close your eyes...
and visualize.
[classical music playing faintly
on violin]
You're on the way to the venue.
[classical music continues]
[therapist] You feel the music.
Take a moment and let it center you.
[exhales]
[therapist] It reminds you that you, too,
are a virtuoso.
And...
as you have a hundred times before,
you take up your instrument...
and find the light.
[silenced gunshot]
[people screaming]
They know.
Heber's just covering his ass.
Charlene vouched for me.
She lied to give me an alibi.
He doesn't believe her.
You're a cop.
Heber's a cop.
He doesn't wanna seem
like he's playing favorites.
That's all this is.
He doesn't suspect you.
He will when the ballistics come back.
Or haven't you been listening?
Heber was here with a warrant
to test my service weapon.
He'll know it was my gun
that was used to kill Doug Koster.
Harold, it's going to be fine.
My wife had an affair with Koster.
Day after he's killed,
Heber sees me at the crime scene.
My gun's the murder weapon.
In what world does that add up to fine?
[Agnes] Is Pinky still coming?
He sure is.
Look, I should get going.
We'll talk later.
Stop worrying.
Well, hello, you.
But when Pinky comes over,
we have to talk,
then he's all yours.
-What are you gonna talk about?
-That's the thing about Pinky.
He always keeps you guessing.
[Raymond] I assume this is on your radar.
It is.
Everyone's looking
for the congressman's would-be assassin.
Mm. Naturally.
But everyone is wrong.
The congressman wasn't the target.
The victim was. Mary Parrot.
An assassin's bullet narrowly misses
a controversial politician
because it was actually aimed
at a beloved philanthropist?
Her philanthropy was beloved.
Her zeal for historical preservation?
Not so much.
She single-handedly spiked
dozens of construction projects
she believed would blight her fair city,
denying powerful people
fortunes large and even larger.
Including Vito DeCanio.
You think the DeCanio crime syndicate
had Mary Parrot killed?
I do.
So you're putting them on the Blacklist.
Criminals we already know exist.
What you know about the DeCanios is that
they were weak and now they're strong.
What you don't know is why,
or who is responsible
for their dramatic resurgence.
It's not the old man?
His therapist, actually.
Dr. Roberta Sand.
Everyone in the organization sees her.
Vito's orders.
A therapist
to the mob
who makes the mob more effective.
Self-actualized.
The shrink helps them realize
their potential as criminals.
Listen, I'm a criminal,
and however realized I may be
is due in large part
to shrinks and shamans,
rabbis and monks.
They hold me together
like a psychological bandage,
without which my sufferings
would be insufferable.
You told me that if you came back,
names would be taken.
A price would be paid.
But you didn't tell me what names or why.
I don't know the names.
And without them, I don't know the why.
Are you done talking yet?
[Cooper] We are.
Which means it's time for me
to get to the office,
and for you two to have fun.
Mooms is upstairs.
If you or Pinky get hungry,
she can make you something.
[Raymond] Oh, no. What's that?
I'll play anything but gin again.
At least until I read up on it a little.
You're too good.
And I was hopeless.
It's not gin.
It's a memory game.
-Matching U.S. states and their capitals.
-Oh, my.
Okay. Let's do it. I'm ready.
Although I don't think I'll fare
any better than in gin.
At least you have an excuse.
What?
I'm fine. My memory is fine.
Sort of.
I'm older. Not ancient.
I didn't mean that.
You won't know capitals
because you're not from here.
-I wouldn't know the capitals of Russia.
-[tense music playing]
Okay.
Here's how you play.
[Cooper] Vito DeCanio was a relic
of the past.
A lion in winter.
Until, according to Reddington,
he hired a therapist
who goes by Dr. Roberta Sand.
He's convinced the DeCanio family's
recent rise is her doing.
Won't last long.
A witness is in custody
who's going to testify tomorrow
that DeCanio ordered
three separate hits on his rivals.
I've been in therapy since I was 10.
Never heard of a shrink
who helps people get worse.
-Ten?
-I was having a hard time with calculus.
You learned calculus at 10?
I learned it at 8. I taught it at 10.
Or tried to.
My parents couldn't grasp the concepts.
It was frustrating for everyone.
I'm not sure I believe a therapist should
be held responsible for DeCanio's upswing,
but according to Reddington,
DeCanio thinks she is.
That makes her very valuable to us.
Vito tells me he has a project for you.
He says it requires teamwork
and cooperation.
But he says you'd rather piss
on each other and say it's raining.
So any thoughts?
[belches]
-[Sand] Hmm.
-[Aram] We know anything about her?
Nothing.
No photos, no prints.
Search on her alias went nowhere.
If we have no leads,
where should we start?
Mary Parrot.
Reddington says she isn't the victim
of a bullet meant for a politician.
He says she was a preservationist
who sidetracked
a number of lucrative developments
DeCanio stood to benefit from.
So he had her killed.
Maybe.
And maybe her killer
was under the good doctor's care.
-Find him and maybe we find her.
-[door opens]
Park asked if he could come.
How are they doing?
Not great. She thought him seeing
where she works might help.
-Want me to bring him to her?
-I'll do it.
We're shorthanded
since Ressler's taking a personal day.
You two stay focused
on finding Mary Parrot's killer.
Hey.
I'm glad you're here.
Are the episodes getting any better?
If by "better," you mean it feels
like being stabbed in the eyes
with a fork instead of a knife, then sure.
The quiet helps.
And caffeine.
Anyway, uh, it's all passed now.
-Let me give you a tour.
-I don't need a tour.
[melancholy music playing]
You wanting me to come is enough.
What I do is secret.
That I do it shouldn't be.
Not from you.
I'm sorry I didn't tell you.
I've been reading medical journals.
Researching everything I can
to find out what happened.
Whether we lost the baby
because of my job...
the directed energy weapon...
I know you wanna know the reason.
I'm sorry you don't.
Man, I just keep saying sorry, don't I?
It's fine.
If I'm being honest,
you kind of have a lot to apologize for.
But so do I.
I don't want to believe
I married someone who can hide everything.
But I think I did.
And that's what I'm sorriest about.
That I married someone
I just don't know...
if I know.
Hey. Cooper updated me
while you were at the crime scene.
Find anything?
Okay, so NYPD is nowhere on the shooter.
A passerby? Someone in a vehicle?
A building? They don't know.
We read the eyewitness statements
and the ME reports.
From that, we got this.
[Aram] All right. The victim was here.
Based on the entry wound,
the shooter was to the east.
[Dembe] NYPD canvassed the most likely
building based on the assumed trajectory,
which would put the shooter
on this rooftop.
[Aram] They didn't find the shooter
or any evidence.
So I think the shooter was here.
Same angle, just farther back.
The bullet goes over the rooftop
of the lower building, across the street,
between those flagpoles and obstructions,
and into the victim.
That building isn't further back.
It's in another county.
-Who could make a shot like that?
-I could.
I'll pull CCTV footage
from around that building.
See if we can ID anyone.
Vermont.
Montpelier.
Kentucky.
Frankfort.
Carson City.
Nevada.
Okay. Maybe I am ancient.
I told you. You have an excuse.
Yes. Thank goodness.
Why did you stop being Russian?
[tense music playing]
That's a funny question.
How did you know I was Russian?
My mother told me.
She told me everything I would need
to know about you.
She must have said a lot.
She did.
But at the end of it,
she said all I needed to remember
was that Raymond Reddington
was the most important person
in her life besides me.
She was glad that I had met you.
She wished that we could meet again.
I'm really glad we did.
She said you liked to hold hands.
I'm starved.
You wanna go see if Mooms
wants to eat with us?
Okay.
Dino, I need you to focus.
We can't do this work without you.
Be nice if he worked on something.
I'm the brains and everybody knows it.
Last I checked, you couldn't tell
a socket wrench from your elbow.
Maybe that's 'cause I don't have to,
'cause I'm not a drudge like you.
-Think you're better than us?
-I know I am.
-Say that again.
-Gentlemen, gentlemen.
I have a question for the three of you.
What are you getting
out of all this anger?
-He's gonna get his nose broken.
-[scoffs]
And then what?
You have a big project coming up
that requires teamwork.
Do you think punching him in the face
is gonna make that happen?
No. It's definitely not.
[Sand] Exactly.
Everyone has a path in life.
And the path you're on,
well, most people would say
that it's the wrong one.
But what a man can be, he must be.
So to be clear, I'm not here to tell you
to stop being angry or to judge you.
No. My goal is to help you
stop judging yourselves.
And each other.
[Park] This is the roof from which
the sniper shot and killed Mary Parrot.
And only three minutes after the murder,
who walks out the building
but everyone's favorite noir stereotype,
Mr. Instrument-Case.
[Aram] No ID on the sniper.
On the plus side,
we happen to have a sniper on the payroll.
Shooting from that distance
is extremely difficult
and takes practice.
[Aram] And when he says
"from that distance,"
he means anywhere from 500 yards
to, I don't know, Kansas?
Of the ranges in that area,
there's only one
with lanes longer than 300 yards.
And guess who's a member in good standing.
[gunfire]
As I live and breathe.
It is good to see you.
Hey, Jean.
This is my friend Stacy.
Nice to meet you.
You gonna tell me what's going on?
About a week back, Red comes out here
with this itty-bitty Latinx-er,
acting like she's the new you.
I appreciate your concern, but I'm fine.
Raymond and I, we had a good run.
What are you doing for an encore?
I joined the FBI.
[Park] I hired him.
For a job that needs a pro's pro.
Given what's required,
I'm told we should be asking for this man.
Hmm. Beasley. He's a hell of a shot.
Any chance you have an address?
[suspenseful music playing]
[alarm wailing]
Get down!
[gunfire]
Got you.
Randall Beasley.
You're under arrest.
[gloomy music playing]
[Weecha] I don't understand.
I thought you were having
such a fun time with Agnes.
What is that?
A piece of the past.
The answers are here.
In a letter she wrote to you.
Why do you have a letter
my mother wrote to me?
For when the time was right
to let you know the truth.
What are you gonna do with it?
Cvetko's meeting us at the jet.
I'm hoping he can tell me
about its more recent history.
[Weecha] Like what?
I hate to think.
[Park] We've gone through everything
at Beasley's house.
Cache of weapons, letters from his mom
who thinks he's a PE teacher, and this.
[Aram] Eleven appointments
just this month for dog grooming.
-So he's a dog person.
-[Park] There's no evidence he had one.
[Aram] If that's not curious enough,
each appointment is scheduled
to take place at a different address.
Intersections, actually.
Second Avenue and 16th Street
on Tuesday the 30th.
Then Friday the 3rd
on 63rd and Central Park West.
None of which correspond
to a pet store or groomer.
[Cooper] So it's a code.
For what?
We don't know the what. Just the how.
Beasley would send a text
requesting an appointment,
then get one back with a location.
And this location is just a few blocks
from where Mary Parrot was killed.
And the date and time is an hour
before he killed her.
This is definitely evidence of something.
You need to get him to tell us what.
[cell phone ringing]
Hey, Lew.
Now?
I'm in the middle of a--
You got the ballistics report?
Yeah, tell me where and when.
The dog grooming.
Tell us about it.
I got a Lhasa apso. Her hair knots.
We know it's a code.
-Then what do you need me for?
-[Aram] You murdered an innocent woman.
Yet here you are, calm as can be.
And we know why.
Therapy.
A twisted version of counseling
to make you feel good about being bad.
[Sand] And exhale.
[all exhale]
Now, how does that feel?
[Mikey] Honestly?
Better.
Kind of like our hearts
started beating at the same time.
That's what these are, right?
Therapy appointments?
I'm not talking about that.
Eleven appointments in three weeks.
That is almost one every other day.
Why so many?
That's how long it took Dr. Sand
to convince you it was okay to kill.
That's what she did, isn't it?
Make you feel okay about murder.
[Sand] Dino?
There's no wrong answers as long
as you're honest about how you feel.
I, uh...
I feel all right.
I'm not saying I'm happy
about Johnny threatening me,
but I get it.
We need to swallow our pride
for the good of the team.
Johnny?
Want me to be honest?
Absolutely.
This doesn't work unless you are.
Okay, then.
Uh, honestly?
I feel like I'm on an episode of Dr. Phil.
Hey!
[Aram] As bad as we know you are,
we think Dr. Sand is worse.
Help us and we'll help you.
[Aram] The codes are appointments.
Show us how it works.
I understand how it feels to have guilt
about things you've done in the past.
You know what you did was wrong.
Show us you know.
[foghorn blares]
[Sand] Johnny's not ready.
It's a three-man job.
[Sand] One you said
requires complete trust.
Johnny doesn't have it.
-Maybe if I had more time with him--
-Not an option.
Then my advice is you find someone else.
What about Dante?
[tense music playing]
-You know the answer to that.
-You said we need somebody--
I did. But not him.
It's an important job.
We have an understanding.
[DeCanio] If it goes well,
he can write his own ticket.
[cell phone chimes]
Look, you're the best at what you do,
which is making people
feel good about themselves.
At what I do, I'm the best.
And making people feel good
has nothing to do with it.
Are you threatening me?
After everything I've done for you?
Aw, first of all, we both know
who you do it for, and it sure ain't me.
And secondly, yeah.
I'm threatening you.
That's what I do.
Dante's in.
You got a problem with that, see a shrink.
[intriguing music playing]
Is that--?
It's really dog-grooming appointments?
I don't know if the president's dog
is in there getting a trim,
but Jazz Paws is tricked out
with armored panels and a GPS jammer.
Let's move.
[dramatic music playing]
FBI! Exit the vehicle now!
[tense music playing]
[Cooper] I don't understand.
This says my gun wasn't the murder weapon.
Imagine that.
I can't, because it was. We--
We ran the ballistics. We know the truth.
Yeah, but they don't.
And they never will.
Lew, what did you do?
Nothing that you wouldn't do
if I asked you.
-But I didn't ask.
-Oh.
I performed a little magic on the bore.
That's all you need to know.
And it's more than Heber ever will.
[sighs]
It's one lie built on another.
First, I rope in Charlene, now you.
You didn't rope me in.
All right? I did it because I know you.
-You didn't kill Doug Koster.
-You don't know that.
I don't know that.
I hated that man
because of what he did to my marriage.
At my worst,
who knows what I could have done?
What I know is that innocent people
get convicted all the time.
I wasn't about to let that happen to you.
You feel guilty,
like you're getting away with murder.
But you're not.
Because you're not a murderer.
-Someone killed Koster.
-Yeah, that's right.
And then framed you.
And now that you're in the clear,
it's time to find out who did and why.
It doesn't feel like I'm in the clear.
Hmm. Yeah.
I guess that's why you haven't thanked me.
How'd it work?
You roll up in a van,
dig up some deep-seated trauma,
figure out how to exploit it, then what?
Send your client off
to commit the perfect crime?
Anything I did or didn't say
to my clients is privileged.
Not if you didn't report a crime
you knew they were going to commit
or made them comfortable committing it.
I help my clients be comfortable
in their own skin.
Comfortable? Committing crimes?
Giving in to their darkest impulses?
Everyone has dark impulses, Agent Park.
Even you.
Yeah, ones that, like any normal person,
I hate about myself,
and that I'd hope
a therapist would cure me of.
[Sand] Cure you?
Of what, uh, being who you are?
Why would you want anyone
to cure you of that?
[Raymond] Once I was dead and gone,
I wanted Elizabeth to know everything.
So I gave Dembe the letter
with very specific instructions.
Only when I'm gone.
Give it to Elizabeth,
but only when I'm gone.
Later that night,
Elizabeth was shot and killed.
Okay.
What does that have to do
with whatever happened with Agnes?
The things she said, her mother told her.
But those things,
Elizabeth would never have told her
unless she'd read the letter.
Am I interrupting?
Ah, Vlad! Please, come sit.
-Ah, good to see you again.
-Great to see you.
Weecha, you're in
the presence of greatness.
Vlad is one of the world's
foremost forensic analysts.
I have a finger in a drawer at home.
Would you be able to tell me
who it belongs to?
It would be easier
if you had a head in a box. [laughs]
If you can identify the finger, I will.
Uh... is that why you wanted to see me?
No. Although I'm always intrigued
by streams crossing.
So we'll get you the finger.
But first, this envelope.
I need you to tell me if
Elizabeth Keen's fingerprints are on it.
That's it?
That's all you need?
Besides the finger?
Yes. I've had a copy
of her prints sent to you.
Consider it done.
Out of curiosity,
what answer you are hoping for?
That her prints aren't there.
That I'm...
imagining things.
Sir, we ran her prints, Dr. Sand.
Her name is Eleanor Russo.
She used to be in private practice,
kept up with licensing until
she fell off the grid five years ago.
-Any idea why?
-A theory, yeah. Him.
[Cooper] DeCanio's body man?
Who also happens to be her son.
-What did Sand say about it?
-She hasn't yet. We're about to find out.
I already told the other two,
I won't violate doctor-patient privilege.
I don't want to talk about your patients.
To them, you're Dr. Sand.
It's Eleanor Russo I'm interested in.
Eleanor...
and her son, Dante.
UCLA medical school,
a thriving practice in Philadelphia,
then five years ago, you vanish.
People like you don't vanish.
Not without a good reason.
Is Dante your reason?
I vanished because my marriage fell apart.
Because we fought over Dante...
and the more we fought, the worse he got.
Cutting school,
hanging out with bad people
who introduced him to worse people.
Vito DeCanio.
Yeah, eventually...
but not until after
he'd committed a number of crimes.
Enough to get him arrested.
And that's when Vito stepped in,
to help keep him out of prison.
If you agreed to help him.
He said if I'd counsel his people,
he'd keep Dante out of harm's way.
Today, he broke that deal.
If I help you, will you protect him?
I promise to try to protect you both.
But I'm unable to do that
unless you tell me where Dante is.
We demo and snatch, you drive.
It's teamwork, like the doctor ordered.
As in Dr. Sand?
-Yeah. You seeing her too?
-Me? No.
I tried therapy. Had issues with my mom.
It didn't take.
Well, like Dr. Sand says, "Growth
only happens if you're open to it."
-Maybe you weren't open.
-Yeah. Maybe.
Yo, what time does
the construction crew arrive?
Whenever Vito tells them.
That, he controls.
Wildcard was the preservationist.
She wanted to shut us down.
Would've made
this snatch and grab impossible.
[man] There you go.
You know this is a protection detail,
not a rehearsal
for the World Series of Poker?
[Dante] So this Herman guy,
what's he testifying about?
He's not gonna be testifying.
He'll be crying for his own mama
whenever Vito gets ahold of him.
Now get back to the car.
Couldn't it be a good thing
that Liz knew the truth before she died?
No.
Why not?
Because she knew,
she was able to tell Agnes
how important you were to her
and her to you.
It's why she encouraged
your relationship with Agnes.
What if it's also part of why she died?
[dramatic music playing]
I can't do it.
That's all right.
I don't want to.
Her hesitation, the time it took.
If she hadn't hesitated...
she might have survived.
[Dembe] Eleanor, Dr. Sand,
she says DeCanio has a crew
working a job
at a property he owns downtown.
Working on what?
We've been nibbling at the edges
of the DeCanio syndicate for years.
If she wants a deal, her intel will have
to lead us higher up the food chain.
All she knows is
it's connected to Mary Parrot's death,
it involves her son, and that it's urgent.
Companies associated with the DeCanios
are mid-construction
on two sites we know of downtown,
a luxury hotel and a residential tower.
What's Parrot's connection?
Was there a preservationist objection?
Not to those sites.
Her big push downtown was
to landmark Memorial Baptist Church.
Now, she'd held up developers
who wanted to demolish it.
But now that she's dead,
the sale can go through,
it can be torn down,
and DeCanio is a silent partner.
That's what this is about.
Killing a preservationist
to demolish a church.
We're missing something. What?
There is something else.
When cross-referencing the address,
the building next door
pinged our database.
I recognize it, this church.
I can't remember why. What's the address?
-30 West Oak Street.
-[Park] Oh, my God.
Herman Levy, the informant?
The one testifying against DeCanio.
WITSEC is holding him
at a safe house at 32 West Oak.
-They'll get to him before he testifies.
-[Cooper] Not if we get to him first.
Go. I'll alert the Marshals
and Main Justice about a deal for Sand.
She didn't get us up the food chain,
she got us to the top of it.
Let's hope we're not too late.
[suspenseful music playing]
All right. Third floor, let's move.
Yeah.
-[cell phone ringing]
-[agent exclaims]
[gunfire]
Grab the rat.
[tires screech]
FBI! FBI! Drop your weapons!
Well, this is very confidence-inspiring.
[sirens wailing]
Dante Russo?
I have the son.
Dr. Sand is in custody. She and her son.
-And DeCanio?
-He's been arrested.
The doctor's son worked for him as well.
Both are set
to be transferred to Main Justice
to sign immunity agreements in exchange
for everything they know about DeCanio.
Have you spoken with Agnes yet?
Did she say
whether she had a good time or not?
She said that you, and I quote,
"suck at state capitals."
Which I took to mean
a good time was had by all.
Yes.
You're doing well with her. I'm impressed.
And hopeful that, like me,
you're finding that being around her
helps in every way.
What about Sand? What do you think?
You know her story now,
you've questioned her.
Do you think DeCanio
was right to hire her?
I do. She's smart and thoughtful.
I'm not surprised
with the results she got.
We're gonna testify against Vito?
After he sent me to kidnap
a witness in federal custody,
we're signing up to be federal witnesses?
We both know it's the only way out.
What we know is there's no way out.
He's using you now for dangerous jobs.
I can't protect you anymore.
You think the feds can?
-[tires screech]
-Hey.
-Hey. Hello?
-[officer] What was that?
-[Sand] What is it? What's going on?
-It's him.
-Hey! Hello?
-[Dante] Mom. Mom.
-It's him.
-[man] Give me the keys.
[banging on door]
[suspenseful music playing]
Dr. Sand, I presume?
-You're Raymond Reddington.
-Did DeCanio send you?
Vito's been detained.
I'm here of my own volition
with a proposal.
Would you care to hear it?
[grim music playing]
Vito DeCanio. Welcome to federal custody.
Been here twice. For a total of six hours.
[Aram] Well, third time's a charm.
Where are they?
-You heard me. Where are they?
-[Cooper] Agent Park.
-Where did you take them?
-Alina, hey.
He hit the convoy with Dr. Sand.
She and her son, they're gone.
I got no idea what you're talking about.
-If you did anything to her--
-Okay, stop.
-If you did anything, we'll find out.
-I didn't do anything.
But I'm in debt to the person who did.
Take him to Interrogation.
Your personal therapist?
Yes. For which you'll be well paid
and safe from harm.
-You said DeCanio has been arrested.
-[Raymond] He has.
But he has friends in high places.
Just not as high as me.
I helped him to protect my son.
Why should I help you?
I need your help.
[poignant music playing]
And what I do, my professional life,
you will not be a part of that.
Helping you personally
helps you professionally.
That's how this process works.
Just give me three months.
On the island of your choice.
At the end of which you're free to go.
I hope you won't, but it'll be up to you.
Consider it a palate cleanser.
A transition from a distasteful past
to a delightfully piquant future.
Why me?
The details of my story
are not for the faint of heart.
Based on your history,
I believe you can stomach
pretty much anything.
I'm not a miracle worker.
No need. I already have one of those.
Let's talk islands.
Headache?
No.
Embarrassment.
For what?
For losing it on DeCanio?
Pfft. Come on, I understand.
This job...
This job can get under your skin.
[melancholy music playing]
It's hard
being someone who crosses lines.
People judge you for it,
so you judge yourself.
Dr. Sand is right.
We all have dark impulses.
And most of the time,
there is no cure for them.
So the idea,
at least the idea I came up with
after spending my grandparents'
entire inheritance on therapy...
is to not hate yourself
because you have dark impulses,
but to love yourself in spite of them.
How big was your inheritance?
$86,749.
I'd say it was money well spent.
[Raymond over phone] Harold, I hope you're
right about the good doctor's efficacy.
Sand?
You took her.
"Took" is a bit strong.
But, yes, she has agreed to work with me.
Instead of testifying against DeCanio?
There'll be plenty of testifying
against him before it gets around to her.
Hopefully, by then, I'll be a better man,
and she won't be so frightened.
Gotta fly, Harold.
Cvetko?
He has called.
The prints match.
[tense music playing]
[Raymond] Dr. Sand?
We should talk.
[covers rustling]
I told myself I wasn't honest with you
because if you found out
the truth about me, about who I was...
you wouldn't like what you saw.
But the truth is, I wasn't honest
because I didn't like what I saw.
It adds up to the same thing.
[poignant music playing]
I couldn't expect you to love me
when I didn't love myself.
So that's what I'm gonna try and do.
Learn to love myself.
Then maybe you'll love me too.
[cell phone ringing]
Harold Cooper.
[distorted voice over speakerphone]
I texted a photo. Look at it.
Who is this?
Look at it.
[suspenseful music playing]
There's audio too.
Of you and your friend evidence-tampering.
-What do you want?
-So much.
And with what I know about you
and the murder of Doug Koster,
I'm confident
you're going to give it to me.
[somber music playing]
I found peace and tranquility
and a real feeling of...
quiet.
Yet I abandoned it...
out of this compulsion
for chaos and peril.
I had found light.
Yet I'm compelled by the dark.
It animates me.
So much so that I drag others into it.
Others that I care desperately about.
So, what is the purpose...
if I'm willing to risk
everything good in my life,
to even defend risking it
as necessary or just,
when I know the result...
will only be...
a deepening darkness?
Tell me, where is this
coming from right now?
Why now?
I recently discovered that I was betrayed
by my oldest and closest friend.
I'm apprehensive about the depth
and breadth of my anger.
[theme music playing]